SD-2563: Adding in new reference page for tls_params (#528)
SparkPost/support-docs: momentum/4/lua/ref-msys-tls-params-set.md

---
title: "msys.tls_params.set"
description: "msys tls_params set Set a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set"
---

<a name="lua.ref.msys.tls_params.set"></a> 
## Name

msys.tls_params.set — Set a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set.

## Synopsis

`require('msys.tls_params');`

`msys.tls_params.set(tls_params, "param", "val");`

```
tls_params: mixed
param: string
val: string
```

## Description

This function sets a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set.

<a name="lua.ref.msys.tls_params.set.example"></a> 

The following example shows how to use this function in the `get_outbound_tls_parameters` hook to override all outbound tls parameters.

> It is important to note that the use of this hook will remove all outbound tls configs, requring the user to overwrite them.

Reviewer: I think it's worth calling out that this function is only valid to call on the `params` parameter to `get_outbound_tls_parameters` and `get_inbound_tls_parameters`.

If you tried calling this in some other context I believe what would happen is it would overwrite whatever value was on the lua stack at that position with these strings.....which I think could cause bad things to happen.

I wonder if it would make more sense to document the use of this inline with how to use `get_outbound_tls_params` and `get_inbound_tls_parameters` - but it seems we don't even document those at all?

Reviewer: And this warning isn't exactly true I don't think is it?  It looks to me like the tls params object is unique per connection - so you could do something like:

```
if msg.routing_domain == "whatever"
   # set unique params just for that domain
end
```

Right?  it might be worth throwing a test in for that in the other PR

Reviewer 2: We started with the info in the escalation linked in the ticket, and I thought Matt's testing confirmed it, which said calling `get_outbound_tls_params` resets the string values in `params`. Can we add back the test showing the reset behavior?
```suggestion
It is important to note that the use of this hook will reset outbound tls config for the current connection, requiring the user to set a value for all keys listed in the example below.
```

Reviewer: 👍 - yea I just threw a test together and it definitely seems to be *per connection* to me.  So I agree that we should rephrase it like above to more clearly explain that.  This specific example certainly will configure these SSL params for *all* connections, but it doesn't have to be the case.

> It is important to note that the use of this hook will reset outbound tls config for the current connection, requiring the user to set a value for all keys listed in the example below.

Reviewer: All keys below are required only if you're using mutual TLS though right?  You wouldn't normally necessarily have to set a certfile and keyfile I don't think.

Reviewer: And can you call out that this should only be called in hooks where the tls params are passed as arguments?  Which I think is only `get_outbound_tls_parameters` and `get_inbound_tls_parameters`

Author: Sure thing. I'll work on addressing this!

---
title: "msys.tls_params.set"

> description: "msys tls_params set Set a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set"

Reviewer 2: Can you make that same change to `on a per connection basis` here & below, instead of `in the Momentum configuration`?

---

<a name="lua.ref.msys.tls_params.set"></a> 
## Name

> msys.tls_params.set — Set a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set.

Reviewer 2: Same change here

## Synopsis

`require('msys.tls_params');`

`msys.tls_params.set(tls_params, "param", "val");`

```
tls_params: mixed
param: string
val: string
```

## Description

> This function sets a tls parameter string in the Momentum configuration, overriding if the parameter is already set.

Reviewer: I think this is a little confusing - it doesn't really set the config value - it just allows overriding the configured values on a per connection basis right?  Calling this alone will have no effect on configuration.

Author: If you call the outbound hook at all, it disregards all values set in the configuration. This is just a way to set them via lua and override what is set in the configuration. Is there a better way to say this? Is adding 'per connection' sufficient?

This should only be used in hooks where the tls parameters are passed as an argument such as `get_outbound_tls_parameters` and `get_inbound_tls_parameters`.

<a name="lua.ref.msys.tls_params.set.example"></a> 

The following example shows how to use this function in the `get_outbound_tls_parameters` hook to override all outbound tls parameters in a mutual tls connection.

> It is important to note that the use of this hook will reset outbound tls config for the current connection, requiring the user to set a value for all keys listed in the example below.

Reviewer: I'd just say that it will override the values set in config rather than all are required - but not a huge deal.

Author: I'll adjust this.

require("msys.tls_params");
local mod = {};

function mod:core_get_outbound_tls_parameters(msg, params)

  -- 0 = no, 1 = ifavailable, 2 = required
  params.use_tls = 2;

  -- The tls_params module is used here for setting all string values from the `ec_ssl_ctx_params` struct
  msys.tls_params.set(params, "certfile", "path/to/cert");
  msys.tls_params.set(params, "keyfile", "psth/to/key");
  msys.tls_params.set(params, "ca", "path/to/ca");
  msys.tls_params.set(params, "cipherlist", "chosen_ciphers");
end

msys.registerModule("custom_tls_hook", mod);
```

> It is important to note that the use of this hook will remove all outbound tls configs, requring the user to overwrite them.

Reviewer 2: Could you make this warning more obvious? If people only read `tls_params.set` docs or even just the first part of the example they might not see this

Author: Absolutely! I'll move it up in the docs.

>   msys.tls_params.set(params, "ca", "path/to/ca");

Reviewer 2: WRT removing `cipherlist` - part of the intent of setting all params in this example was to show all of the ones that can be set, even if they don't need to be set for a successful mTLS connection. The test succeeds with `ca` removed also. Maybe a good compromise between "needed for successful test" and "documenting possible param names" is also removing `ca` and adding a comment listing the valid param names?

Author: That's a good idea! I'll go ahead and update the example to reflect this.
